Add reference to a utility script to compare keychain dump (#1792)
OWASP/owasp-mstg: Document/0x06d-Testing-Data-Storage.md

Created                    Accessible                      ACL    Type      Account                    Service                                                        Data
-------------------------  ------------------------------  -----  --------  -------------------------  -------------------------------------------------------------  ------------------------------------
2020-02-11 13:26:52 +0000  WhenUnlocked                    None   Password  keychainValue              com.highaltitudehacks.DVIAswiftv2.develop                      mysecretpass123
```

> The dedicated script referenced in the [tools](#tools) section can be used to find common entries between two Keychain dump.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The dedicated script referenced in the [tools](#tools) section can be used to find common entries between two Keychain dumps.
```

Use it like this:

> 1. Install the application and use it (inital install).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Install the application and use it (initial install).
```

> 2. Dump the Keychain using `objection` to a json file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Dump the Keychain using `objection` to `DumpKeyChainAfterInitialInstall,json`
```

Author: I have also fixed the typo `DumpKeyChainAfterInitialInstall,json` by `DumpKeyChainAfterInitialInstall.json`

3. Remove and reinstall the application.

> 4. Dump the Keychain using `objection` to a json file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Dump the Keychain using `objection` to `DumpKeyChainAfterReinstall.json`
```
